== README

=To Do List App
* This To Do List app is running on Ruby 2.2.0 and Rails 4.2.0

===Objects
* I created two objects for this assignment, todo_list and todo_item.
* todo_list has two variables, a title and description. This gives the individual to do list a title and a description if necessary.
* todo_item has a string variable (content), a reference to the todo_list index that it belongs to, a completed_at variable as well as a date_time variable.

===CSS
* Most of the large CSS structures was borrowed from a github user who created a similar to do list app.
However I modified a lot of the small details to make it my own. To begin, I changed the background color to a gradient of my choice.
I changed the overall font of the app, added padding where I deemed it necessary and increased font sizes to improve readability, for example.

==Controllers
*The todo_item controller has three main functions. It creates a todo_item in a todo_list, it can destroy a todo_item, and it can check to see if the todo_item was completed.
*The todo_list controller makes a new todo_list, creates it with the title and description that the user inputs, can update the todo_list title/description and also destroy a todo_list object.
*I had to make a third controller file to make sure I did not get the "uninitialized constant ApplicationRecord" error. (Found out I needed this from a quick Google search)

To help me set up routes and to make sure the app flowed correctly, I followed a brief tutorial on to do list apps. It helped immensely and taught me a lot on how the files interact to create the whole application.
